oh this is Jeff again from jacks mo
engines showing you how to do a restring
repair on a plus one trimmer alright
this one first thing we're to do we see
this oil there's an ear here float here
here push them in and push down and
it'll come apart
alright now if you move the head off
your trimmer go ahead and separate these
two pieces as you can see it's even got
a direction to show you how to wind it
if you've got your string on this
particular one when you get it pulled
out to about roughly the same length and
now you can kind of load on the amount
of string that you're comfortable
installing him about even once you've
gone about even you go ahead on this
particular one the screw right here
you'll actually install the line into
that groove just like so and start
winding it up alright now if you've
completely wound the trimmer and you'll
see this piece this top line here will
lock into this piece just to hold the
string in place in this side here on the
bottom one will have a groove to go
through right here which lines up with
this corresponding hole that just holds
everything together for you now you go
ahead install the head making sure to
feed the strings through the appropriate
holes go ahead and reinstall the head in
place now just a side note make sure you
always want to operate the trimmer with
the guard in place it does two jobs
basically one and make sure to cut off
the line to make sure the line is the
correct length so that way it keeps the
engine running properly way sikozu and
two as you see it catches all the debris
keeps it away from your shins and
everybody else another net that's how to
go ahead and restring I'll spawn a
trimmer